It wasn't suppose to to end with blood pooling on the bricks edging the lawn. It was suppose to end with blood, but a measured amount, properly absorbed and treated with antiseptics and aftercare. 

It was suppose to involve me lowering you into the bath; ice cold and sweating. Letting you shiver and squirm until your skin was like ice. Until your features were pale. Trusting as your eyes flutter and close and you  give me consent to fuck you beyond the veil.

You enjoy it when it's hard and fast and you vision pinholes. You want to get lost in the sensations of force and heat and friction. I am desperate to oblige. My passions have been chained for so long, and the longer I go without playing the more I want to lose control. We talked safewords and pain thresholds and orgasm limits. You needed to hurt and I need to consume. What better plan than to tear you apart and stitch you back together?

We kissed in the dark before we arrived. We knew the plan; dom you up beause he likes that; light a candle to the Morning Star for protection and pleasure while your mind is in sheol and your body as in my arms. We were in heat all day. But we waited. For the magpie who wants to rule your roost. 

"I don't want to feel guilty." The encrypted version of the message you wanted say "I am afraid."

Fear in the bedroom can be exciting. Fear of another can destroy love.

When the magpie arrived it was chaos. A whirlwind of coke and crazy and joe peshi cosplays. A threat, rather than a chat. Clouds begin to gather over your persona. The fog is rolling in.

Our minds have been dreaming of the point when I can bring you back to life with my throbbing heat. When your blood covers my skin and your cries fill my ears. 

The magpie squaks. The magpie begins to rage.  

It was suppose to be consentiual destruction and orgasms in the black. Instead it was paranoid. A sickening and sweet taste on the back of the throat that you get when an animal confronts you in the dark. Dark eyes trying to suppress anxiety as they project an aire of confidence and cruelty. The magpie bears its talons when you turn your back. It clicks its beak and mutters threats while insisting on its way. 

The magpie begins to take control, and the path is set. Do I walk away? Do I alter the end? 

You get down on all fours for the magpie, who hooks into you. He doesn't draw blood - he treats you getnly - he saves his rage for all who would capture a piece of you that he hoards. He seems me as a vulture, instead of a badger.

The camera is in my hands and my vision is filtered through the digital  and the plastic. I can sense the roiling poision in the magpie's blood. I can sense your fear of the darkness closing in. Not a consentual dark. An overtaking fog.

The magpie looks at me. I'm looking wrong. He doesn't explain his rage as he lunges for me. You scream.

I'm out the door because I don't want to clean the floors. I know what comes next. I don't want it but I accept it. I hear the music of the pon farr in my ears. I laugh and he rages more. 

The first blood spilled is mine, as he scratches and claws. I don't feel it because i've had deeper. I don't want to feel it because I don't want to lose my cool.

The magpie won't stop. it feels threatened by the guest it invited into its roost. It comes at me again and this time I take a knee. The magpie soars over my shoulder and crashes into the bricks that hem the garden. Their beak is cracked, their wings are ravaged. The blood begins to pool.

Is this a disgrace, or deliverance? 

I feel you kiss my neck as I stare at the broken bird.   